Problem 12. Development Environments

Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with popular 
development environments (IDEs) like Visual Studio.

Microsoft Visual Studio
Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft.This products cover languages like C++, C# and VB.NET. It is used to develop computer
programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web sites, web applications and web services. Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development platforms such as 
Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Store and Microsoft Silverlight. Full integration of most development activities 
(coding, compiling, testing, debugging, deployment, version control an etc.

Mono
MonoDevelop is an open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X, and Windows. 
Its primary focus is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks.
MonoDevelop integrates features similar to those of NetBeans and Microsoft Visual Studio, such as automatic code completion, source control, 
a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer.
It supports Boo, C, C++, C#, CIL, D, F#, Java, Oxygene, Python, Vala, and Visual Basic.NET.

Oracle Netbeans 7
If you are more of a Java developer, Oracle's got your back with their Netbeans IDE. Of course, despite the fact that excellent Java support is its claim to 
fame going as far back as the Sun Microsystems days, other languages like C/C++, Ruby, HTML5, PHP and more are supported as well. 
Netbeans is extremely extensible via its plugin-centric design, allowing you to add additional language syntax support and libraries, among other things.
It is also an application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.
The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM.

Eclipse
This IDE is quite comprehensive and even similar to Netbeans in a variety of ways, including its use of Java and plugin architecture. However, Eclipse as an 
IDE comes in a wild variety of flavors, catering to various needs and objectives in software development workflows. 
The Eclipse Foundation even provides a comparison page to view the differences between the variants of Eclipse. Eclipse may also be used to develop applications 
in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, 
Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) 
for Java and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Ec

Code::Blocks
Code::Blocks is built on the wxWidgets framework, is exceptionally lightweight in size, yet still quite functional and feature-rich IDE. You can load up a number
of under-the-hood compiler engines, ranging from GCC and LLVM, to Digital Mars and Open Watcom.
Built around a plugin framework, Code::Blocks can be extended with plugins. 
Any kind of functionality can be added by installing/coding a plugin.

