Problem 11. Programming Languages

Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages.
How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?

According to the result of my research on internet the top 5 programming languages of all platforms are Java, C, C++, PHP, JavaScript.

The first of them is Java. This programming language is a multi-platform and its especially useful in networking. The most famous usage of Java is 
on the web, but it is also used to build cross-platform programs that stand alone. Since it resembles C++ in syntax and structure. Java offers the 
advantages provided by object-oriented programming, such as C#. Both languages are similar because C# is created on the base of Java. Also they have 
Development Environments like .NET Framework for C# and Java EE for Java. Both of them are class-based object-oriented programming languages, but one of the 
bigest difference is that .NET Framework have automatic class Library so the work process its easyer and Microsoft Visual Studio is Integrated Development
Environment for C#.

The language C is a popular especially in game programming, because it doesn't have the extra packaging of the object-oriented C#. 
Programmers use C because it makes programs slightly faster and smaller than programs written in C++. C was therefore useful for many applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language,
such as in system programming. C is one of the oldest languages so it is definitely base
for other languages such as C#.

C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It is well-suited for large projects because has an object-oriented structure. People can collaborate on one program by breaking it up into parts and 
having a small group or even one individual work on each part. The object-oriented structure as well and includes classes. Also allows code to be reused a lot, which can cut down development
time. Because of that its very similar with C#.

PHP is a common language for Web design that is sometimes used as a scripting language in *nix. PHP is designed for rapid website development, 
and as a result contains features that make it easy to link to databases, generate HTTP headers, and so forth. As a scripting language, it contains a relatively
simple set of basic components that allow the programmer to quickly get up to speed, though it does have more sophisticated object-oriented features. The difference
between PHP and C# is that PHP is dynamic and interpreted while C# is static. Also PHP is not with object oriented structure and it does not support threading.

JavaScript is client end scripting language developed by Netscape. JavaScript is becoming popular day by day in Web development zone and since the 
invention of Node, it is something you should learn ASAP. There is popular Libraries for Java such as jQuery, angularJS and NodeJS and also for C# is .NET Framework 
Library.